README.md, before:

# ROOCS Website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/roocs/roocs.github.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/roocs/roocs.github.io)

*[ROOCS Website](https://roocs.github.io/)* is the front page for the roocs project.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Feel free to open a pull request with changes.

### Running it Locally

It can be helpful to preview changes on your computer before opening a pull request. *ROOCS website* uses the [Jekyll static site generator](http://jekyllrb.com/). After forking or cloning the repository, perform the following steps to generate the site and preview it:

- Make sure you have ruby installed on your computer. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
- `bundle install`
- `bundle exec jekyll serve`
- Point your browser at http://127.0.0.1:4000/

## Deployment

Pull requests merged to the master branch are automatically deployed to the production website.

## License

The content of this project itself is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/), and the underlying source code used to format and display that content is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Fix deps issues (#39)
* added dockerfile

* update gemfile

* update readme

README.md, after:

# ROOCS Website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/roocs/roocs.github.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/roocs/roocs.github.io)

*[ROOCS Website](https://roocs.github.io/)* is the front page for the roocs project.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Feel free to open a pull request with changes.

## Running it Locally

It can be helpful to preview changes on your computer before opening a pull request. *ROOCS website* uses the [Jekyll static site generator](http://jekyllrb.com/). After forking or cloning the repository, perform the following steps to generate the site and preview it:

- Make sure you have ruby installed on your computer. See https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
- `bundle install`
- `bundle exec jekyll serve`
- Point your browser at http://127.0.0.1:4000/

### Use Docker as build environment

Run this once to generate Gemfile.lock:
```
docker-compose run jekyll bundle install
```

Build image:
```
docker-compose build
```

Start service:
```
docker-compose up
```

Open http://localhost:4000

## Deployment

Pull requests merged to the main branch are automatically deployed to the production website.

## License

The content of this project itself is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/), and the underlying source code used to format and display that content is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).
